handle empty issue names (#656)
twisted/towncrier: src/towncrier/newsfragments/655.bugfix.rst

> Fixed an issue where non-issue fragments (e.g. +abc1234.feature) would fail when an `issue_pattern` is configured. Non-issue fragments are now excempt from `issue_pattern` checks.

Reviewer: We call them ` orphan news fragments `

this is the terminology used in the tutorial https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html

```suggestion
Fixed a bug where orphan news fragments (e.g. +abc1234.feature) would fail when an `issue_pattern` is configured. Orphan news fragments are now excempt from `issue_pattern` checks.
```
